Sign it. What does that mean?
It was just acting
I know better than anyone what you look like after all these years
Diligent
Laundry and sweeping are useless
I really don't want such a nice girl
Dragged down by you
Wife, how can you think of me so much?
What others think of you is up to you.
If it weren't for your lack of progress over the years
Useless
All I know is to wash and sweep the floor and cook for me here
How could I dislike you?
It won't be here after getting tens of billions of orders.
To divorce you
I'm guarding being thrown away by the building
Soldiers spilling blood
Elves are not polluted by dust
Why is it that in your eyes you are unwilling to make progress?
Useless
Then you go to the battlefield to kill the enemy
Go and prove it to me.
I hate people like you the most
Can't make a vow
You have to make some excuses for yourself
That's it.
Are these people rare to be protected by you?
You really think you're getting out
Chen Mei Xiao I thank you
I thank you for allowing me to finally see clearly
It's starting to make me regret it
I will send you this tens of billions of orders.
You are talking nonsense about these tens of billions of orders.
Obviously, Liu Shao helped President Chen win it over
What does it have to do with you?
Liu Shao is right
It's Liu Shao
It is because of Liu Shao
Only then did Shengrong Group see my efforts
So that my three years of hard work will not be in vain
When I was exhausted by the company
When being suppressed by more than a dozen companies
Standing next to me is Liu Shao
Not you.
This tens of billions of orders was obviously given to you by me.
You don't think about it either
Why did you get married for three years?
Your career can take off all the way
Is it true that your ancestors smoked blue smoke?